Home 
1.Fastest solution, highest standards 
2.We can cater to your every need Whatever it may be
3 Be it your athleisure wear collection
4 Be it your athleisure wear collection
5 Night wear collection

Our products 


Our Suppliers 

We choose only the best quality material unless otherwise specified. For a standard 165 GSM cotton fabric we choose first quality ring-spun VL yarn from the best mills in an around Tiruppur at specified count. For 180 GSM fabric we simply go for lower counts and lower loop length with the same quality of yarns. For basic garments we go for GL yarn with lower count. We avoid OE yarns
unless until specified due to higher defect rate.
Our service providers are all chosen with equal care. Our knitters use the most up-to-date German made machines for all types of fabric structures
including single/double jersey, interlock, loop knit and piqué mesh. We generally avoid airtex
unless until specified due to poorer hand-feel as compared to other types.
Our dyers are OEKOTEX STANDARD 100 approved and fully equipped with zero-discharge
effluent treatment plants as mandated by the Indian government. They use only the best quality
dye stuff that are certified azo-free and imported from reputed brands.
We source elastic, plastic and other trims from ISO certified facilities/dealers only with the highest
standards of working environment.


About us 
We are a second generation business owners with legacy knowledge of textiles. We started as
textile weavers 45 years back and moved on to becoming apparel manufacturers during the
textile boom in Tiruppur in the late nineties. We have made all kinds of knitwear during our journey
so far. We started exporting in the name of Galaxy Knit Exports since 2003 and have catered
majorly to US markets. We have also supplied regular orders of smaller quantities to UK,
Mozambique and Brunei in the past. Our leader Mr. Gunaseharan M is a veteran in the field with
hands on experience of 30 solid years with major processes including knitting, dyeing and
compacting

Why us
Our mission is to be the easiest source for brands to realise their designs.
Our vision is You - the brand owner. Your dream is our dream, and we make it happen from here
so you can do your magic there, with your paying customers.
We believe that garment making should be easy and accessible for everyone, that’s why we make
ordering process very simple for you - Simply call and tell us what you need, and we make it for
you. That simple.
We wish you find what you need with us!

Our milestones

1990 - Youth Knits - Started garment manufacturing for premium brands with a band of friends
1995 - GV Garments - Founded by Mr. Gunaseharan M after separating from a failing Youth Knits in a small rented building
1996 - INR 1 crore turnover within 10 months of operation
2003 - Galaxy Knit Exports - Business moved to new company owned factory under new name
2013 - Reached INR 5 crore turnover catering to US markets
2021 - Focus shifting to SME brands

Request for Quotation
Please enter your requirements in the form below and we'll get back asap with prices. If possible, please mail us your techpack as that will ensure the most accurate costing.